Add AnglePicker Component; Add useDragging hook (#19637)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/compose/src/hooks/use-dragging/README.md

`useDragging`
==============

In some situations, we want to have simple drag & drop behaviors.

> Typically drag & drop behaviors follow a common pattern: We have an element that we want to drag or where we want dragging to start; the dragging starts when onMouseDown event happens on the target element. When the dragging starts, global events to detect mouse movement (mousemove) and to detect the mouse up event (mouseup) are added. When the global mouse movement event triggers, the dragging behavior happens (e.g., a position is updated) when the mouse up event triggers dragging stops, and both global events are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically drag & drop behaviors follow a common pattern: We have an element that we want to drag or where we want dragging to start; the dragging starts when the `onMouseDown` event happens on the target element. When the dragging starts, global event listeners for mouse movement (`mousemove`) and the mouse up event (`mouseup`) are added. When the global mouse movement event triggers, the dragging behavior happens (e.g., a position is updated), when the mouse up event triggers, dragging stops, and both global event listeners are removed.
```

`useDragging` makes the implementation of the described common pattern simpler because it handles the addition and removal of global events.

## Input Object Properties

### `onDragStart`

- Type: `Function`

The hook calls `onDragStart` when the dragging starts. The function receives as parameters the same parameters passed to `startDrag` whose documentation is available below.

> If `startDrag` is passed directly as `onMouseDown` event handler, `onDragStart` will receive the `onMouseDown` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `startDrag` is passed directly as an `onMouseDown` event handler, `onDragStart` will receive the `onMouseDown` event.
```

### `onDragMove`

- Type: `Function`

> The hook calls `onDragStart` after the dragging starts and when a mouse movement happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hook calls `onDragMove ` after the dragging starts and when a mouse movement happens.
```

It receives the `mousemove` event.

### `onDragEnd`

- Type: `Function`

The hook calls `onDragEnd` when the dragging ends. When dragging is explicitly stopped, the function receives as parameters, the same parameters passed to `endDrag` whose documentation is available below.
When dragging stops because the user releases the mouse, the function receives the `mouseup` event.

## Return Object Properties

### `startDrag`

- Type: `Function`

> A function that, when called, starts the dragging behavior. Parameters passed to this function will be passed to onDragStart when the dragging starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that, when called, starts the dragging behavior. Parameters passed to this function will be passed to `onDragStart` when the dragging starts.
```

> It is possible to directly pass `startDrag` as the onMouseDown handler of some element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to directly pass `startDrag` as the `onMouseDown` event handler of some element.
```

### `endDrag`

- Type: `Function`

> A function that, when called, stops the dragging behavior. Parameters passed to this function will be passed to onDragEnd when the dragging ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that, when called, stops the dragging behavior. Parameters passed to this function will be passed to `onDragEnd` when the dragging ends.
```

> In most cases, there is no need to call this function explicitly. That happens because dragging behavior automatically stops when the mouse is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, there is no need to call this function explicitly because dragging behavior automatically stops when the mouse is released.
```

> In most cases, there is no need to call this function explicitly. That happens because dragging behavior automatically stops when the mouse is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, there is no need to call this function directly. Dragging behavior automatically stops when the mouse is released.
```

### `isDragging`

- Type: `Boolean`

> A boolean value, when true it means dragging is currently happening; when false, it means dragging is not happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean value, when true it means dragging is currently taking place; when false, it means dragging is not taking place.
```

## Usage

> The following example allows us to drag & drop a red square around all the viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example allows us to drag & drop a red square around the entire viewport.
```
